---
title: # Senior Python Engineer (required)
company: # Endpoint (required)
url: https://jobs.lever.co/endpointclosing/5ccd76fc-8b4f-42da-bd08-6e00877eda54

location: Los Angeles, NYC, Seattle, Phoenix, Irvine or remotely from anywhere in the United States
          # Choose one of the following options
contract:  permanent 
contact:
    name: Jessica Franco
    email: jfranco@endpoint.com 
    phone: # Phone number (optional)
    # <additional contact fields>: <additional value>
created: !!timestamp 2023-08-16
tags: python
  
  # include relevant tags
---

# Senior Python Engineer
Endpoint is a digital title and settlement company built from the ground up to make home closing easy for all. For many, buying or selling a home is one of life’s biggest transactions. At Endpoint, we help our customers close every deal so they can start their next chapter with confidence. Whether it’s a first-time homebuyer choosing a place to start a family, a real estate agent securing a record-breaking deal, or a proptech company scaling its services, we believe that closing on a home is a milestone worth celebrating and a process that should be easy for all parties involved.

Founded in 2018 by a diverse group of tech and real estate veterans, Endpoint develops technology that streamlines home closing for real estate agents, buyers and sellers, and empowers proptech companies and investors looking to scale their closing operations. Backed by First American Financial Corporation, a Fortune 500 company, Endpoint has secured $220 million in funding and has operations across the US.


We are looking for a Senior Backend Engineer (7+ years) to build services and functionality for our client applications using Python.

As a Senior Backend Engineer, you will use your skills to:

Work with a cross-functional team to deliver timely, high quality, and well-tested code

Be the technical leader of the development team owning the delivery of critical epics and features 

Author TDDs, provide feedback, and partner with the team to address requirements of one or more projects

Collaborate with the team on technical decision making and software architecture

Define and enforce standards regarding code quality and test coverage

Mentor other team members, share your learnings and ideas within department

Help continue to build the engineering culture at Endpoint

You'll come to Endpoint with:

7+ years of experience building web services with Python using modern frameworks

Experience developing in a microservices architecture, and following domain-driven design principles 

Solid coding practices including writing technical specifications, peer code review, and unit & integration testing

Experience designing and building complex products or major features from concept to launch

Demonstrated leadership abilities in an engineering environment operating in the role of tech lead, driving operational excellence and best practices

Why work at Endpoint:

You’ll join a fast-growing company where you can make an impact

You’ll work alongside industry experts and the brightest minds in tech to transform an industry

We foster a vibrant, welcoming, and inclusive company culture

You’ll be entrusted with responsibility and autonomy in your day-to-day work

You’ll have opportunities to advance your career from within, or for internal mobility

Customizable benefits including Health, Dental, Vision, and 401K Match

Flexible work options for certain roles

Virtual and in-person team events

We offer competitive compensation; Base pay is one part of your total compensation package in addition to annual bonus. This role pays between $145,000 and $205,000 and your actual base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications and experience. We also offer a long-term incentive plan.

This hiring range is a good faith and reasonable estimate of the salary range of possible compensation at the time of posting and is subject to change. The actual compensation offered will be determined by various factors, which may include a candidate's education, training and experience.


Endpoint is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under federal, state or local law.

